RD-4049 Update GitHub PR template & Add description about docs synchronization (#1799)
cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-stage: doc/README.md

# Documentation

## Components
Documentation of widget basic components (exposed using `Stage.Basic` global) is available in 
[Widget Components Reference](https://docs.cloudify.co/staging/dev/developer/writing_widgets/widgets-components/).

Version of `cloudify-ui-components` package used in [package.json](../package.json) 
must match the version of `ui_components_link` parameter set in 
[widgets-components.md from docs.getcloudify.org repository](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org/master/content/developer/writing_widgets/widgets-components.md).

It means that whenever `cloudify-ui-components` package version needs to be updated in `cloudify-stage`, 
then `ui_components_link` parameter in `widgets-components.md` should be updated first.

## Widgets
Widgets documentation bases on 
[Default Widgets Reference](https://docs.cloudify.co/staging/dev/working_with/console/default-widgets-ref/) 

> and is stored in `README.md` files in widgets' folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is stored in `README.md` files in widgets root folders.
```

Author: I think the current form using ' is OK, but I updated this line to be more precise (added "root" and an example).

Reviewer: Yup, as we've discussed in a different discussion 😁 
Thanks for providing an additional reference 💪

> To update widgets' documentation - instead of modifying `README.md` files directly - you have to:

Reviewer: I think that `'` is redundant, but as I'm not an English expert, I'd like to get your @kubama opinion on that too 😁 
I was wondering about the `widget's` intention, but I'm not sure if it's a correct place for that kind of operation 😁

Reviewer: 🤯 
Every day we are learning something new 😁 
Thanks for sharing that reference!

# Documentation

## Components

> Documentation of widget basic components (exposed using `Stage.Basic` global) is available in 

Reviewer 2: Optional. Maybe `Documentation of basic components of widget` instead of `Documentation of widget basic components` more clear, but I'm not sure.

Reviewer 2: In a second thought, currently it is okay. My comment can be dismissed.
